OSDOCS-16855: Apply CQA2 updates (#109988)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-bgp-routing-enable.adoc

[id="nw-bgp-routing-config_{context}"]
= Enabling Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing

[role="_abstract"]

> To enable BGP routing for your cluster, configure the cluster network to use an FRR-based dynamic routing provider. This allows external network integration and route advertisement on supported infrastructure.

Reviewer: Goal first?
```suggestion
To allow external network integration and route advertisement on supported infrastructure, you can enable Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing for your cluster by configuring the cluster network to use an FRR-based dynamic routing provider.
```

> As a cluster administrator, you can enable Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing support for your cluster on bare-metal infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can enable BGP routing support for your cluster on bare-metal infrastructure.
```
